README.md, before:

MCSim
=====

An R package for metacommunity simulations and functions to calculate biodiversity metrics

MCSim is a package for R that can be used to design lottery-based simulations of metacommunities, which can be used to test assumptions about how metacommunity dynamics influence emergent biodiversity patterns. See my paper in Ecological Modelling ([link](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304380014004918)), which uses MCSim [v0.3](https://github.com/sokole/MCSim/releases/tag/v0.3). In the most recent release ([v0.4.1](https://github.com/sokole/MCSim/releases/tag/v0.4.1)), users can make use of igraph to design network topology and seed simulations with observed data. Please find the current version under development at https://github.com/sokole/MCSim.   

Details and a tutorial for MCSim are currently available at [https://sites.google.com/site/metacommunitysimulation/](https://sites.google.com/site/metacommunitysimulation/). 

Please feel free to email me with questions, suggestions, etc. 

Eric R. Sokol

sokole at gmail dot com

Commit message:

updated with link to intro tutorial

README.md, after:

MCSim
=====

An R package for metacommunity simulations and functions to calculate biodiversity metrics

MCSim is a package for R that can be used to design lottery-based simulations of metacommunities, which can be used to test assumptions about how metacommunity dynamics influence emergent biodiversity patterns. See my paper in Ecological Modelling ([link](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0304380014004918)), which uses MCSim [v0.3](https://github.com/sokole/MCSim/releases/tag/v0.3). In the most recent release ([v0.4.1](https://github.com/sokole/MCSim/releases/tag/v0.4.1)), users can make use of igraph to design network topology and seed simulations with observed data. Please find the current version under development at https://github.com/sokole/MCSim.   

Find an intro to MCSim at [http://rpubs.com/sokole/159425](http://rpubs.com/sokole/159425)  

MCSim details, news, and tutorials are available at:   [https://sites.google.com/site/metacommunitysimulation/](https://sites.google.com/site/metacommunitysimulation/). 

Please feel free to email me with questions, suggestions, etc. 

Eric R. Sokol  
sokole@gmail.com
